# RMS

##How To Run ?
- RMSJar.jar file is present inside the ZakiAlam subdirectory.
- Open the file in the cmd "java -jar RMSJar.jar". 
- You will get the Output on the cmd .
- Press 1 for Dive In , else press 2 for the takeaway services.
- For Dive In , you will also get an option to have the water from the Bus Boy .
- Then a Menu will be Provided to order the food. You can select the appropriate choices.
- You need to add the Item into your Order list using the Item_id which is in the first column of the menu table.
- You also need to provide the quantity for the particular item, which cannot be null or negative.
- You can view your Order list, review your orders, edit , remove , modify them using the keys shown at the console.
- You can confirm or cancel the order and pay the bill.
- Lastly you can provide the feedback.

##Solution :
- Project Contains Following Classes:

1. POJO Classes
 - CustomerD (Customers for Dive In)
 - CustomerT (Customers for Take Away)
 - HotelManagement(List of hotel persons like Valet parking guy ,Bus boy, Chef etc)
 - Manager (Class to have the details of the manager appointed to Dive In customer)
 - Menu (To Print the menu from Respective Data files)
 - Order (To make the Order Object to grasp the order details of the customer) 
 - Bill (To print the bill )

2. Data Files
 - Files to store the data menu items like Veg , Non Veg , Dessert etc.

3. Interface
 - Customer (Implemented by the customer classes for convenience).

4. Driver Class - classMain.java inside the Main folder.

##How it Works ?

###Approach
 - I made a Customer Interface which is implemented by CustomerT(For Dive In) customers, and can also be implemented by Other Customer Classes
   If we add CustomerB like customers who book the order online , or for take aways (CustomeT).Customer contains the ManagerObject , OrderList(List of Order Object) ,HotelManagementObject
   As a Customer comes in restaraunt , his car is parked by v.p guys, a seat is alloted ,manager is alloted and other details of hotel staff which is stored in HotelManagementObject. 
   It is easy for us to track the customerdetails , orderdetails , manager alloted ,and other staff members that are alloted to him by using the CustomerD class itself as it contains the
   object of corresponding classes. After the order details confirmation, a Bill is generated by the Bill class which contains the customer object , so details like orderid , customerid,
   table no can be mentioned in the bill. Other details like Manager alloted , chef, benchboys etc are abstract from the User , he cant watch them as mentioned in the requirements. 
   Customer can also provide the feedback. 
